Gendry will become legitimized as a Baratheon and marry Sansa Stark.

This seems more like FanFiction than anything but hear me out.

Gendry is Robert Baratheons oldest (that we were shown) and last bastard child. Cersei told Joffrey to order the city watch to kill all of Roberts bastards so they couldn't challenge his claim to the throne. Gendry only escaped the massacre by leaving Kings Landing to head up north to the Wall. While on the road he was first taken by the gold cloaks to Harrenhal, then the brotherhood without banners, and then the Red Lady Melisandre to Dragonstone with Stannis Baratheon. The last time we see Gendry is after the Onion Knight Sir Davos helps him escape Dragonstone and puts him on a rowboat in blackwater bay (just outside Kings Landing) and 3 seasons later we still haven't seen where that fu**er rowed off too.

Theory: He fu**ing died. Gendry says himself that he's not a good swimmer and he's never used a rowboat before.. But in all seriousness I doubt he'd return to Kings Landing knowing a bounty was put out on Robert Baratheons bastards (knowledge he attained courtesy of Melisandre). In a previous theory I said it wouldn't be outrageous for him to have gone to Old Town where he might cross paths with Sam Tarly, but it's also possible he ran back to the Brotherhood without Banners, or anywhere in the Riverlands for that matter where he could run into Arya Stark or even the Red Lady again. Where ever he's gone is complete speculation at this point.

But I think an interesting thing the show could do is find a way for Gendry to be legitimized as a Baratheon (possibly with help from Sir Davos). After Stannis' death, there are no Baratheons whatsoever in existence. Their house is extinct. The last bit of Baratheon blood in the world is Gendry's. If he were to be legitimized he could make a claim to Storm's End and all the Stormlands for that matter. In all honesty I have no idea of the current state of that regions armies but I like to think all of Renley and Stannis' deserters returned to the Stormlands after their leaders' death and are just waiting for a new Lord to return.

If Gendry would become legitimized and inherit a large Baratheon army then I would think he would be to Jon Snow what Robert Baratheon was to Ned Stark and the two would combine to fight the white walkers. However, in this world houses only combine through one thing.. marriage. At some point in the seventh season Sansa Stark is going to have to be looking at possible suitors to strengthen house Stark and if my prediction comes to fruition who will be a better match than Gendry mother f**cking Baratheon.
