Brienne will kill Melisandre.

Back story: Once upon a season, King Robert Baratheon died and a secret was revealed by Ned Stark that none of his children had a claim to the iron throne. This event led to Roberts brother Stannis believing he was the true heir to the throne. Unfortunately for Stannis, his younger brother, Renly Baratheon, felt he would make a better king than Stannis and gathers 100,000 men from Storm's End and the Reach with the purpose of taking the throne for himself. Whilst amassing his forces Renly meets Brienne of Tarth. A massive female swordsman who is a very skilled fighter. Brienne offers Renly her sword and loyalty and Renly happily agrees.

On the other side of the map, sometime around Roberts death Stannis has met a priestess, named Melisandre, who worships the Lord of Light. Melisandre manages to talk Stannis into burning all the statues of the Old Gods in a show of faith to his new God (the LoL). Stannis and Renly meet after Roberts death and pretty much trade insults before agreeing to disagree and start a civil war. After this meeting Stannis and Melisandre have sex. That night The onion knight sir Davos (Stannis' advisor) takes Melisandre on a row boat to a cave where she gets naked and reveals she is extremely extremely pregnant. Davos then watches as Melisandre goes into labor on the ground and pushes out a shadowy demon looking thing that floats away. Later this night we see Renly Baratheon stabbed to death by this shadow which now resembles Stannis. The event is witnessed by Brienne and Catelyn Stark.

Sometime after this, Melisandre is searching for Robert Baratheons bastard, Gendry. She eventually finds him with the Brothers Without Banners and manages to trade him for some supplies. Unfortunately for Melisandre Gendry has a small friend named Arya Stark, who Melisandre briefly speaks with before saying, "we will meet again". The end.

Evidence for the theory: At the end of season six Brienne is in the Riverlands after failing to recruit the Blackfish for Jon's battle against Ramsey and Melisandre has just been banished from the North by Jon and told to go South and never return for burning Stannis' daughter at the stake. I believe Brienne and Melisandre already met at the Wall, though there wasn't any precedence to it at the time I believe a certain little girl near the Riverlands could stir some shit up. Arya Stark was murdering Frey's like they were hot cakes at the Towers the last time we saw her and I think it's very likely the three women could cross paths at some point next season. I picture Brienne of Tarth running into Arya Stark, and then the two run into the Melisandre and Arya says something like, "Stannis Baratheons Red Witch" and Brienne connects some dots and goes, "I think she killed Renly" and then proceeds to cut Melisandre in half. There's so many different ways this can happen but I think it'll be some variation of this theory.

There's a far off chance that Brienne might manage to forgive Melisandre, given all the time that's past and her having already killed Stannis but I really doubt it. If she does manage to forgive Melisandre and joins up with the BWB and goes back North I think Davos will kill her. I think the future is very bleak for the Red Lady and serious karma for Stannis' daughter is inevitable.
