The Hound Will Lead The Brothers Without Banners To Kings Landing.

A short history lesson: Once upon a time Ned Stark discovered the Lannister conspiracy which involved none of Cersei Lannister's children having any legitimate claim to the iron throne. A short time after this Ned Stark was put in charge of the Seven Kingdoms while King Robert was either out hunting or gravely injured (can't remember specifically). But while listening to troubles of the people, Ned Stark learned of Sir Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane raiding and burning a village. The Mountain was Tywin Lannister's personal bodyguard so Ned felt the need to strike swiftly and retract all The Mountains titles, property, and would demand his arrest. Well.. the group of knights who Ned had sent to arrest The Mountain would be decimated by Sir Gregor and they decided to say "fuck it" and became the Brothers Without Banners and would proceed to fight for no one. The end.

Now fast forward 6 seasons and Sandor "The Hound" Clegane is in the Riverlands with the Brothers Without Banners. Last we see of the Hound he is being offered a chance to travel with the BWB to the far as hell North to fight the "Darkness". We never see his reply so its possible he says fuck all that and this theory is killed immediately, but if he does decide to join the BWB this theory does gain slight momentum. This all depends also on a little catalyst named Arya Stark also being at least near the Riverlands having just killed Waldur Frey at the towers. Having just crossed a name off her list, it's not outrageous to assume Arya would try to kill the two leaders of the BWB if she were to come upon them. The priest and their Immortal leader found themselves on Arya's shit list for selling out Arya's friend and King Robert's bastard, Gendry, to Melisandre back in season 2 for supplies. The Hound is also on Arya's list for killing the butchers boy in season 1 but I like to think she'll have some type of feelings for the Hound after she left him to die.

I believe that the priest and the immortal knight could either live or die but once Arya shows up the Hound will take leadership of the BWB after she convinces him to help her kill Queen Cersei. Either he'll help Arya kill the leaders or he'll give the BWB a speech about how they can all redeem themselves by returning to Kings Landing to kill The Mountain and fulfill their mission that Ned Stark had initially set them out to do in the first place. I believe this is the best way to set up a Clegane Bowl in which the Hound will finally be able to take vengeance on his older brother for his disfigurement. I don't think him and Arya alone would go to Kings Landing on a suicide mission I believe they'd have to have a small army with them. They might possibly arrive while Daeneryus is invading and most of Cersei's forces are distracted to add more convenience but I think that'd be a really big reach. But anyways I think this is a plausible theory as to how the Hound would take over the BWB and lead them to Kings Landing alongside Arya Stark.

In my dream world Brienne of Tarth would also be apart of this rag tag group of rebels and her and the Hound would team up to defeat the Mountain (doubtful). Also another dream scenario would be that the Hound would talk Arya out of killing Cersei and they'd all join Jon in Winterfell to prepare for the big war still to come (also very doubtful).
