Arya Is the New Lady Stoneheart.

Even Game of Thrones watchers who haven’t read George R.R. Martin’s novels have heard the name Lady Stoneheart, because book-readers won’t shut up about her. In the original books, this figure runs the Brotherhood Without Banners and has been systematically hunting down and murdering members of House Frey and, as her name implies, she does so without mercy. We quickly learn that this is none other than Catelyn Stark, who was resurrected after the events of the Red Wedding by Thoros of Myr, a process that required Beric Dondarrion (the leader of the Brotherhood) to give up his life. Catelyn then took Beric’s place and shifted the group toward being her own personal vengeance brigade.

Lady Stoneheart was cut from the show for reasons that have yet to be explained (possibly because the writers didn’t want to tip their hand for Jon Snow’s inevitable resurrection) and the characters involved in her storyline have been given entirely new business. However, since Arya arrived back in Westeros in “The Winds of Winter” and slit Walder Frey’s throat, some fans are speculating that the youngest Stark girl will take on the role that belonged to her mother in the books and become the new Lady Stoneheart. Maybe she’ll even meet up with the Brotherhood (whom she declared an enemy when they sold Gendry to Melisandre in season three) and take the reins of the organization.

This is all plausible enough, especially since it will allow Arya and Sandor Clegane to reunite after their brutal parting of ways at the end of season four. However, it seems unlikely that Arya will take on a new name and even more unlikely that she’ll do what her mother did in the books and focus her wrath strictly on her foes in the Riverlands. Arya’s revenge list has names scattered all across the Seven Kingdoms, so even if she does meet up with the Brotherhood, her basic needs will take her beyond their jurisdiction. Yes, Arya has become an instrument of cruel revenge and she is not above feeding a man his own sons before cutting his throat, but her path is too different, her motivations too wide-ranging, for this to be a clean adaptation. So it could be partially true! Just don’t expect her to go by that new name.
