Tyrion Lannister is a Secret Targaryen.

Like Jon Snow’s secret parentage, this is a theory that has been floating around book readers for years, inspiring fierce debates from those who believe it and those who think it’s complete and utter dragon poo. It goes something like this: while visiting the House of the Undying (see: season two of the show), the book version of Daenerys learns about a prophecy involving a “three-headed dragon” and the implication is that the Mother of Dragons will be joined by two others to ride her three majestic children into battle. Of course, it takes a Targaryen to control a dragon, but we already have one of those spots covered – Jon Snow is a secret Targaryen, which means he’s in the perfect position to join Daenerys should duty call. But what about the third dragon?

Enter Tyrion Lannister.

Some fans have combed the books and collected all kinds of evidence to suggest that Tyrion is a secret Targaryen, the result of a certain encounter that has been left out of the Lannister family tree. Now, the internet has noted that Daenerys, Jon and Tyrion all have something important in common: all of their mothers died in childbirth. Coincidence? Or evidence that these three are connected and destined to, oh, ride three dragons into battle against an army of the undead?

The evidence here is shaky at best, especially since the books feature an actual third secret Targaryen who was axed from the show. Still, I can see why some fans want this to be true. It gives a character who has spent his entire life struggling uphill a chance at proper redemption. However, this may be my most hated theory in all of Game of Thrones fandom, because it feels like it would ultimately cheapen Tyrion in every way. It would cheapen his relationship with Daenerys, a partnership built on them overcoming their family names and seeing each other for who they really are. It would cheapen his relationship with Tywin, the deceased lord of Casterly Rock who wouldn’t allow himself to realize that his most hated son was the most like him in every way. It would cheapen his relationship with the audience, who have had to reconcile Tyrion’s family with his personal actions. Making him a secret Targaryen feels like an easy out – he’s not a bad guy like Tywin and Jaime because he’s a secret Targaryen! Whew. Good to know things were so black and white after all
